=No Pain No Gain=
(Adapted from the Qidian novel)
("Losing Money to Be a Tycoon"
by Qingshan Quzui)
=Episode 21=
(This story is purely fictional)
(Two Years Later)
(Tengda Games Annual Banquet)
(Feihuang Pictures)
(Four Wall Apartments)
(Zhongdian Web Fiction)
(DreamForge Capital)
(Sloth Gym nationwide stores
now over 300)
(Launched co-branded fitness meals
and Against Wind Delivery)
Mr. Pei.
The banquet is about to start.
Have you set off yet?
Nice.
(Infinite Passion. Tengda Games
Annual Banquet and Awards Ceremony)
Welcome
to Tengda Games' Annual Banquet.
Welcome.
(Tengda Games Development Report)
Looking back on the past few years,
through relentless
effort and perseverance,
Tengda's businesses
have made significant
progress and growth.
Among them,
the M&Y Internet Cafe,
founded by Mr. Ma and Zhang Yuan,
as of yesterday,
has reached
108,954 members.
Four Wall Apartments, created by
Mr. Pei and Liang Qingfan,
is a benchmark for eco-friendly housing
and has expanded into multiple cities.
This year, it surpassed Zhujia Group
to become the leader
in long-term rentals.
Sloth Gym, led by Tian Mo and Li Yaling,
has now exceeded
300 stores nationwide.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Store manager Lin Canrong,
together with Nameless Private Kitchen
and Sloth Gym,
launched co-branded fitness meals
and Against Wind Delivery,
which have also been popular.
By the end of this year,
they have expanded to
13 cities beyond Jinchuan.
Thank you.
Film and TV works adapted
from Zhongdian Web Fiction's novels
have begun production
on five projects.
Our company has also signed
a strategic cooperation agreement
with Reveler Pictures,
committed to jointly creating
more IP adaptations.
As for the project
I personally developed,
the script
for Northern Continent:
The Wizard and Demon King Love You
has finally
been finalized
after a total
of 649 rounds of revisions!
Watch your emotions.
It's finalized!
- Good.
- Great!
Watch what emotions?
Do you know what I've been through?
We do.
It's a joyous day today.
In the gaming segment,
the Divine Mountains
and Seas' key focus this year
is building a global IP industry chain.
Overseas revenue share
has reached 46.97%.
Late Departure has opened new lines,
including Tailor-Made
and several VR games,
which have achieved good results.
An international version
is currently in development.
Thank you.
Wei.
DreamForge Capital, led by Mr. Ma,
continues to create
an undefeated miracle.
Latest news.
Dreams Fulfilled Immediately's fan count
has exceeded 30 million!
Undefeated.
Nice.
Congratulations to everyone here.
Because of you,
Tengda is what it is today.
We wish the Tengda Games Annual Banquet
a complete success.
- Nice!
Enjoy the food and drinks.
Don't worry. No need to perform.
Come on, cheers.
Cheers.
Bottoms up.
Each of them
seems to be doing better and better.
Yeah, except for you.
They're all doing better and better.
Do you regret it?
If you went back two years,
would you still help Lin Wan?
Would you still let
the Divine Mountains and Seas launch?
Thanks to you, these past two years,
each of them
has lived their ideal life.
What about you?
Your biggest achievement now
is paying the mortgage each month
by driving for hire.
Look at yourself.
A rich boss in others' eyes,
but a poor loser in real life.
This outfit you're wearing
is from Tengda's opening day, right?
Get lost.
Next comes the exciting
lucky draw segment.
We're now drawing
the cash prize
Mr. Pei prepared carefully.
8,888 yuan in cash.
Start.
- Win!
(Lv Mingliang)
Win.
Alright.
Congratulations to Lv Mingliang.
You won 8,888 yuan.
Come on, Lv, say a few words.
(Cash Prize)
Thanks so much to the company.
Thanks to Mr. Pei.
I want to share my luck
with everyone here.
Nice.
Thanks.
Next,
we'll draw the second lucky guest.
Start.
- Win!
Congratulations to Hao Qiong.
It's you.
It's me.
Slow down.
Thank you, Mr. Pei.
Ever since I joined Tengda,
(Cash Prize)
I've never been poor again.
We can call her Hao Rich now.
Congratulations.
Congratulations, Ma Yang.
Nice.
(Cash Prize)
I'll give you red envelopes.
Congratulations, Lin Wan.
Congratulations, Li Shi.
Congratulations, Ms. Xin.
Congratulations, Wei.
Congratulations, Li Yada.
Congratulations, Qiao Liang.
Congratulations, Tian Mo.
Congratulations, Li Yaling.
Congratulations, Wu Sheng.
Congratulations, Wu Xi.
Congratulations, Chef Lin.
Congratulations, Zhang Yuan.
Congratulations, Zhang Wang.
Congratulations, Liang Qingfan.
Congratulations, Huang Wang.
Congratulations, Ruan Guangjian.
If you haven't won yet, don't worry.
Up next, we will draw
18,888 yuan
in cash.
Start.
- Win!
(Huang Sibo)
Sorry.
I'm already on stage.
Thanks, Mr. Pei.
Thanks to Tengda.
Mr. Pei.
Sibo won't let you down!
Nice.
Gosh, everyone gets a prize.
It feels rigged in advance.
Yeah, you wrote the code.
I still haven't won.
Look, Tang hasn't either.
Bao, I've never won anything.
As expected.
It's fine. Bigger prizes come later.
Next
is today's most anticipated
grand prize.
Anywhere in the world.
A ten-day trip for two!
There are three winners.
Please stay tuned.
A trip sounds nice.
- Win.
Congratulations, Bao Xu.
Here, let's draw the second one.
- Win!
Congratulations again, Bao Xu.
Drawing the third one.
- Win!
It's still Bao Xu.
Mr. Pei.
Bug. This program has a bug.
I've tested it.
It doesn't count.
There's absolutely no bug.
Come on, get up here.
This is your fate.
Come on, Bao.
Come.
About this trip,
(Worldwide Ten-Day Trip For Two)
I've traveled enough already.
I've decided
to give this prize
to someone who needs it more.
That person is...
Me.
- Tang.
- Me?
Congratulations, Tang.
Please come up to receive it.
It's you. Go on.
Go on.
Here, take it.
Tang.
Are you willing to accept
Bao's generous gift?
Yes.
I've never won anything.
Thanks, Bao.
Thanks to the company.
Thanks, Mr. Pei.
- Nice!
Since Tang agrees,
let's congratulate Tang
as today's lucky star.
For those who didn't win anything,
don't worry.
We've also booked a golf course.
Every employee
will receive
a golf club membership.
And luxury swing gifts
are waiting for you.
Before heading to the golf course,
please come on stage
and take group photos in batches.
Come on.
Yes, hold your prizes.
Mr. Pei.
- Mr. Pei!
Tengda Games!
- Infinite Passion!
Shenhua World
has a lot of orders today.
I heard a company
is holding its annual banquet.
An annual banquet at Shenhua World?
What company is so rich?
Must be an unlucky one.
Lu Zhiyao is impossible.
It's the Chinese New Year,
and he wants me to revise the script.
Impossible.
He's a monster.
Alright, you two be careful.
Lin Wan.
You can hold your liquor,
but why are you acting like Huang?
I'm in a good mood.
The car's here.
Come on.
Get in first.
Mr. Lv, this is what you bought
at Shenhua World.
I've packed everything for you.
Thanks.
Alright.
Lv, did you go on a shopping spree?
It's all company perks.
It's pretty late.
I'll drive you two back.
No need. You guys head back first.
I've hired a designated driver.
You sure?
Yeah.
Go on.
Come on, Lin Wan.
Get home safe.
Okay.
Huang, get inside.
Close the door.
Driver, lock the doors.
Lin Wan.
Text me on WeChat when you get home.
Text me when you're home.
- Bye.
See you tomorrow.
Okay.
Designated driver...
You have a new order.
Please respond promptly.
Another Shenhua World order?
(Instant Order)
Lin Wan's car...
Where is she?
Driver P.
Lin Wan.
I actually came to tell you
that your destination is far.
Why don't you place a new order?
Then I'll reorder.
I'll place a new order.
How much did you drink?
Not that much.
At the annual banquet,
you slipped away too fast.
I didn't even get a drink with you.
I'll take you home then.
Thank you, Mr. Pei.
46 kilometers.
After dropping you off,
I still have to head back to Four Wall.
I'll need to swap batteries
at least three times.
Mr. Pei.
Thank you.
Tonight,
I've wanted to tell you
that I'm really grateful.
Grateful for your help
and support.
Thank heavens
for giving me such a great Mr. Pei.
How much did you drink?
People speak the truth
when they're drunk.
If only I'd met you earlier.
What good would that have done?
Back then,
I was just a lackey at Fuhui.
Completely useless.
No.
You're someone whom meeting at anytime
is always too late.
Do you know why?
Why?
Because my name is Lin Wan.
[*Wan means "Late"]
Mr. Lin, Mrs. Lin.
Sorry to trouble you
for bringing Wan home.
Come in.
This...
How much did she drink?
I didn't drink that much.
It's just that today
was the company's annual banquet,
so she probably
had a couple more drinks.
Mostly because
she was having fun with you.
I'll take her upstairs now.
Alright.
Mr. Lin, I'll head out first.
No.
Come in and sit for a bit.
Mr. Pei, please come in.
Come on.
Have a seat.
It's chilly outside.
Here, have some hot tea.
Thank you, Mr. Lin.
Your outfit...
Our company had
its annual banquet today.
It was cosplay.
Cosplay, huh?
Cosplay.
Yes.
Wan told us
you've always supported her.
Especially
the Divine Mountains and Seas project.
That's her dream.
Only with you
could that dream come true.
Her mother and I are truly grateful.
It's only right.
Only right.
Mr. Pei, you know,
in the past,
I wasn't very willing to let Wan
join a company like Tengda.
But now,
I see I was narrow-minded.
No.
You were right.
How could that be narrow-minded?
No, I was narrow-minded.
It's funny to speak of it.
Lately, I've noticed my colleagues,
clients, and even the security guards
at Shenhua Group,
are all playing
the Divine Mountains and Seas.
So I thought
this must be
the meaning behind Wan's persistence.
Yes.
By the way,
I'm also playing
the Divine Mountains and Seas now.
There's a dungeon in your game.
I've been grinding it for ages.
I've playing it for days now.
It's driving me crazy.
Help me take a look.
Lin.
Look at the time.
It's late.
Let our daughter help you tomorrow.
Let Mr. Pei get home and rest early.
Alright.
It's indeed late.
Sorry.
Mr. Pei.
Thank you for bringing Wan home.
Well...
It's late. We shouldn't keep
the driver waiting, right?
It's fine. I drove myself.
You drove yourself?
You didn't drink at the annual banquet?
I usually don't drink at all.
I'm used to it.
You know,
not drinking in the business world
is really rare.
It really is.
It's getting late.
I'll head off now.
Alright.
Drive safe.
Come over for a meal sometime.
Your apartment
is quite far from our place.
Yes.
Be careful on the road.
I will.
Mr. Lin, Mrs. Lin, get some rest, too.
I'll be going now.
Alright.
- Bye.
Honey.
When young people
cosplay,
do they cosplay as designated drivers?
Well...
Young people now
really know how to have fun.
Next, we'll present
the most anticipated
Company of the Year Award.
(Company of the Year Award Ceremony)
Please welcome our presenter.
Honorary Partner of Dayake Group,
Honorary Vice President,
Honorary Analyst,
Honorary Strategic Advisor,
Honorary Doctor of St. Maria College,
Mr. Lawrence.
Well, hi, everyone.
We meet again.
Now, I hereby announce
the Company of the Year goes to...
Tengda Games.
Hello.
Are you the one with the number 7962
who hired a designated driver?
Yep.
Is this your car?
Exactly.
Are you
a foreigner?
I'm in a hurry.
You can go faster, okay?
Sorry about that.
This is my first time
being so high-profile.
Relax.
This is just one of the cars
I casually took out of my garage.
It's insured.
Drive without worry.
I see your destination
is Shenhua International Tower.
Are you heading to a meeting?
Sorry.
That's
very personal.
Please focus
on your driving.
Okay?
Hi, Hailu.
I'm on my way to Tengda.
Yeah.
Change of plans.
It's been moved up by about a month.
I have an event to attend today.
Anyway,
where on earth is Pei Qian?
I thought I'd see him
at the awards ceremony,
but he didn't go.
Okay.
Call him.
(Xin Hailu, Special Assistant)
Ms. Xin.
Hello? Mr. Pei.
Wherever you are,
get to the company now.
Mr. Sima's son?
Tengda's CEO?
- What's going on?
If you two trust me,
I can confirm
there's no issue with your identities.
Designated driver?
Such a weirdo.
Explain.
It's like this.
Designated driver
is just my hobby
outside of work.
I'm experiencing life.
He's really Mr. Sima's son?
Are you sure?
If you don't believe it,
check it yourself.
(Sima Fu)
Mr. Sima Fu.
Let me reintroduce myself.
You can call me Lawrence.
It sounds friendlier.
Hello, Mr. Law.
May I ask
why you're here at Tengda?
Well.
I appreciate your bluntness.
Anyway,
you may not have heard of me,
but I often hear Daddy
mention you.
He
admires you a lot.
I'm here this time on his suggestion.
I'm here to manage Tengda
with you.
Manage Tengda
with me?
Anyway...
What's going on?
Ms. Xin.
Can I have a call with Mr. Sima?
He's abroad recently.
It's not convenient.
I've already given up
on my contract with Mr. Sima,
but now he sends his son here.
What is he trying to do?
My analysis is
that he probably just wants Lawrence
to gain experience at Tengda.
He can gain experience.
Just don't use me for it.
Or I'll settle it with him.
That's all?
Daddy once said
Tengda was a treasure.
Now it seems nothing special.
Your businesses...
It doesn't make sense.
Should I leave?
No, you can't.
If you leave
and Daddy finds out,
he won't be happy.
I've actually thought it through.
I won't interfere
with Tengda's existing projects.
But I want to start a new business line.
You must cooperate,
but can't interfere.
That's not a problem.
Let me ask something unrelated.
What exactly is your dad doing?
When is he coming back?
That's Daddy's business.
Anyway,
at the end of the day,
it was Daddy
who gave you the chance
to make you the one in charge.
Stop asking so much.
Okay?
What is this brief Mr. Law sent?
A brief?
What is he even saying here?
Mr. Law is impossible.
He wants me
to come up with a complete game proposal
within a week.
How is that possible?
No.
Who has time to help me
pick an English name?
I haven't submitted mine yet.
Just translate it directly from Chinese.
Bo calls himself Yellow.
You can be Bright.
Bright.
Sounds good.
We have Night there.
Mr. Ma, what's yours?
I'm Horse.
At least, call yourself Ocean.
It's all messed up.
Mr. Pei said this Mr. Law
is Tengda's investor.
We should all try to tolerate him.
But no matter how I look,
he doesn't seem like an investor.
He's more like
the business version of Lu Zhiyao.
Ocean.
Ocean is good.
Mr. Pei said
we don't need to deal with Lawrence.
He promised
not to interfere
with Tengda's current projects.
Isn't that good news?
Come on, have a drink.
Everyone.
Good news.
But no matter how I look,
he doesn't seem like an investor.
(Shenhua International)
Yeah.
Actually,
I'm sensitive
to marketing trends.
I don't know if you've been following
advertising trends recently.
Anyway,
the traditional ad industry
is declining.
With the same budget,
users would rather hire ten influencers
than make ads.
Mr. Law.
You taking over my office is fine.
I don't come back often, anyway.
But Tengda isn't about online marketing.
It's
e-marketing.
These past two days,
I've been doing serious research.
I found
Tengda
has a lot of potential.
It has some internet presence,
but you never really focused on it.
Such a pity.
Mr. Law.
I know
there are a lot
of marketing, influencers,
and so on.
But Tengda doesn't have that foundation.
What do you mean no foundation?
Isn't Ocean an influencer?
Ocean?
Who's that?
Mr. Ma.
That's what I'm talking about.
Anyway,
do you have an English name?
Calling you Mr. Pei
sounds too old-fashioned.
Everyone likes English names nowadays.
Just like a family.
Then...
Then call me
Loss.
Loss?
Interesting.
It sounds a bit weird,
but you're Loss,
and I'm Lawrence.
Match.
Okay.
Loss.
Ocean's "Dreams Fulfilled Immediately"
will be upgraded
in the live format.
As the new section I manage at Tengda,
it will maximize his value
as an influencer.
First gain popularity, then lead it.
Finally, make Tengda
a traffic industrial park.
Fly high, Tengda.
Mr. Law.
Do we really need to do this live?
Ocean.
The live streaming industry
is already saturated.
If you don't do this,
how will your personal IP stand out?
Anyway,
our target audience
is focused
on young and middle-aged women.
Beauty products
are definitely the first choice.
The logo
and your image
are all designed based on this.
Understand?
But I've never heard of these brands.
Will this work, Mr. Law?
Don't look down
on startup brands.
Making a profit for the company
is what makes sense.
Okay?
Okay.
We're okay too.
So what are we waiting for?
Everybody,
let's start.
♪Dangers and control♪
♪I'm confident and I know that♪
(Ponytail Live)
♪I know where I'm going♪
Three, two, one.
Start.
Hello, welcome
to the live stream.
(Welcome to Ponytail Live.)
(During the season change lately,)
(does your face feel dry?)
(- Yes!)
(When applying makeup,
does it cake a bit?)
(- Yes!)
(Light Up the Sign, Join The Fan Club)
Everyone in the live stream
is in luck.
What is it?
It's the No. 006 lip gloss
from Ponytail Live.
Ocean really is a top influencer.
He's very adaptable.
How is it, Lucky?
Will you shop at his live stream?
Yes, I will.
Lucky.
Feihuang has a project
starting tomorrow.
Mr. Law, any ideas?
I'm worried
that Loss might face
many challenges during filming.
He can't handle it alone.
How about this?
You, I, and Ocean
visit the set.
We leave tomorrow.
Isn't it very girlish?
Without further ado,
three, two, one.
(- The link is live now.)
(Tang Yishu)
(Huang.)
(Mr. Law asked me
to bring him to the set.)
(What should I do?)
Mr. Pei.
I heard Mr. Law
wants Mr. Ma to do live sales.
Today is the first day.
I don't dare to watch.
Me, neither.
Ma has it tough.
Mainly because Mr. Law
is hard to control.
Mr. Pei.
What exactly is Mr. Law's background?
Business-wise,
I can't explain in a sentence or two.
Just endure it for now.
But he also promised us
he won't interfere
with other Tengda businesses.
Let's wait and see.
Sibo.
You've worked hard, too.
Managing Feihuang
and writing scripts.
I almost forgot
you're still
in charge of Feihuang Pictures.
Mr. Pei.
This is what I should do.
Besides, no matter how hard we work,
it's not as hard as your driving.
I really didn't expect
you could keep this up for so long.
Tang sent a WeChat message.
She said
Mr. Law and Mr. Ma will visit the set.
Didn't he say
he won't handle other Tengda matters?
Tang also said
she sent some special requests
from Mr. Law in advance.
Allergy-triggering foods
for the welcome banquet,
a total of 387 items.
All food must be completely gluten-free.
What does that mean?
How would I know?
Drinking water must be
37.5 degree Celsius.
Air conditioning
must be 24.5 degree celsius.
And the director and I
must pick them up at the airport.
(Hope to Guide the Leap Forward)
(Welcome Tengda's Lawrence for Guidance)
Sibo.
Who is this Sima Fu
in your company?
Is such a grand reception necessary?
Management asked for it.
Where are they?
If he doesn't come soon,
my neck will bend backward even more.
♪The mightiest of man,
coming to the valley♪
♪Riding a fierce beast♪
♪Stern expression♪
Hold on to them.
Grab tight.
It's sliding off.
Hold it.
Hold it! Pull tight!
♪Because no one dies♪
It's falling!
Hurry!
Got it!
Go all out.
Steady!
♪Because no one dies♪
♪At the devil of the yard♪
Hold on to it!
Hold on!
Mr. Law.
Welcome.
♪Because no one dies♪
♪We're dancing on a broken beat♪
♪Exhaustion written all over us♪
♪Watching as the colors fade away♪
♪Your silence♪
♪It's a fortress and I'm running out
of ways to get to your heart♪
♪It's harder to see you
when I get too close♪
♪The buzzing in the air♪
♪The static's getting louder♪
♪Shadows dancing♪
♪Say you've had enough♪
♪I say I've had enough♪
♪I struggle on, holding back the clouds♪
♪With the city inside♪
♪Say you're holding on♪
♪I say I'm holding on♪
♪Can you see the weight behind
this pain, this smile I'm wearing♪
♪I'll never let it show♪
♪Curating the highlights in my story♪
♪Filter out shaky frames from my glory♪
♪All this noise and mess♪
♪Needs some stillness♪
♪Say you're holding on♪
♪I say I'm holding on♪
♪If you need to say goodbye,
just let it out, baby♪
♪I'll get by♪
♪Say you've had enough♪
♪I say I've had enough♪
♪If you're bearing the ache
of every single breath you take♪
♪And I'm watching him escape♪
♪I'm falling through the space
into the silence you make♪
♪Just a flicker in the dark
and saying out your name♪
♪All this noise and mess♪
♪Needs some stillness♪
♪Say you're holding on♪
♪I say I'm holding on♪
♪Darling♪
♪I'll gently feel your face♪
♪I'll reach you before dawn♪
♪I want you to keep believing♪
♪Darling♪
♪Let's take it slow and play our parts♪
♪And fool our hearts♪
♪In this static, this buzzing air♪